
Nevermind the Unexpected

or

How to get what you want

and

Be happy all the time.


A treatise on raising the quality of life, in 7 parts.

* Spirituality.
* Execute the Unimaginable
* Concentrate.
* Hygiene and Personal Conduct
* Confront the Challenge
* Take observations seriously.
* Be prepared


* Spirituality.

Have Good Feelings. Think Good Thoughts. Do Good Deeds. Smile
always.

When the world weighs heavy on you such that you cannot smile,
think of happy things, so you may smile in your mind. If difficult
thoughts overwhelm you, love your heart and smile in your soul.


* Execute the Unimaginable

The first failure is creation of barriers. The second is ignoring
the multitude that is beyond yourself. Another is not seeing
outside your own perspective. You are the greatest barrier to your
own achievements.

Submit to initiatives more significant than yourself. Always be
flexible. The fullness of life continually changes. One door
closes, another opens. Practice finding the new door. Continually
realize lost opportunity in every moment, harness the momentum
into opening another. Turning opportunity around is a skill,
developed when barriers are small, not when mountains must move.

Decide what you want, set goals just beyond reach. Be happy with
your choice and do not tarry.

Accept failure. Embrace your shortcoming, love your difficulty,
obliterate shame through acceptance and change your desire to what
you have. Because it is what it is.

If you feel held back, know yourself and become what you are.


* Concentrate.

At all times keep the good, shun the bad. Separate wins from
loses, the bad does not make the good better, it only takes away
from it.

Believe in the unimaginable. Read, read, read and choose your
material well. Be careful with what you see, only do. Keep your
sights and speak your doings.

Refine the algorithm. Nothing goes as planned unless hidden parts
make it seem so. Life is exceptions, know what they are exceptions
of.


* Hygiene and Personal Conduct

Eat healthy; local foods, balanced grains, avoid preservatives.
Keep yourself clean. Rise early and walk. Surround yourself with
love, kindness and thanksgiving. Volunteer, show gratitude for
blessings and admonish those who take them away.


* Confront the Challenge

Start a task with the most expedient remedy. Finish something
everyday. Focus steadfast on your activities. Increment everything
always. Manage your time. Keep a calendar.


* Take observations seriously.

Record achievements, reflect on loses. Keep a journal. Make
connections. Verify the truth. Familiarize yourself with foreign
cultures, traditions and philosophy. Never delay that which can be
discovered today.


* Be prepared

Anticipate the unexpected. Keep business cards, pen and note
cards. Consider collective reason, imagination and the future.
Realize you are uninformed. The sum of everything, is undefined in
the very next moment. Everything has a place, put it there.

Have compassion on your own kind, least the justice of a greater
judgment finds you.

